============================================== This Document Refers to
Goals from Version 1.0 ==============================================

While it is useful to see where have come from, these motivations may no
longer reflect the overall project.

[[motivation]]
Motivation
----------

Many people are considering using containers as a method of distributing
applications. If you search the internet there is a lot of content
similar to developing "hello world" but not much with regards to
"enterprise container development." How is this different? Well, when
developing with containers, many of the rules about application
architecture, while not "different," are certainly more strictly
enforced. For example, "decomposition of applications in to services."
In a traditional application environment, on a virtual machine, for
example, nothing really enforces that the services are actually
independent until, during scale-out, you find out the hard way (unless
you did really good testing). With containers, you find out immediately
because the service isolation is enforced at any scale.

With this project, we are hoping to gather recommendations,
architectural justifications, approaches, etc. that support development
with containers after you have graduated from playing with containers
and are truly looking to deliver enterprise-class applications.

The project also provides tools to simplify re-architecting applications
to leverage containers and the development of new applications based on
containers.

The project specifically focuses on providing tools and documentation
based on Fedora, RHEL, and CentOS, but much of the content should be
equally applicable to other enterprise operating systems.

[[approach]]
Approach
--------

The project has chosen Vagrant as a semi-universal way of describing
development environments and, in related projects, made sure that
Vagrant works well on the three target platforms (Fedora, RHEL, and
CentOS).

In order to support this endeavor, the OS communities have started to
make official "Vagrant boxes" available for both the main-line OS and
the Atomic variants that are pre-configured to support container
development.

* Fedora: http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Changes/Vagrant_Box_Atomic
* CentOS: TBD
* RHEL: TBD

The project has provided
http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/vagrantfile/index.html[Vagrantfiles] to
setup both regular instances of the OSs as well as a "docker host"
leveraging the http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/docker/index.html[Vagrant
Docker Provider].

The project has also been working with Aaron's
https://github.com/aweiteka/UATFramework which is an "implementation" of
http://pythonhosted.org/behave/[Behave] framework which can work across
machines to provides tests. However, that work hasn't been integrated
here yet and, currently, the only tests are some shell scripts.

[[next]]
Next
----

Let us know what else you think would be helpful.
